Alright. lets see what
this thing can do.
What's the SR-71's record?
The altitude record for fixed-wing
flight is 85.000 feet. sir.
Records are made
to be broken. C'mon!
Sir. there is a potentially fatal
build-up of ice occurring.
Keep going!
Higher!
We're iced up. Jarvis!
Deploy flaps.
Jarvis?
C'mon. we gotta break the ice!
Cut power.
Note: main transducer feels
sluggish at plus 40 altitude.
The whole pressurization
is problematic.
I'm thinking 'icy' is
a probable factor.
A very astute observation. sir.
Perhaps if you intend to visit
other planets. we should
improve the exo systems.
Connect to the Cisco. have it
reconfigure the shell metals.
Use the gold-titanium alloy from
the Seraphim tactical satellite.
That should ensure
the fuselage integrity
while maintaining power
-to-weight ratio. Got it?
Yes. Shall I render using
proposed specifications?
Thrill me.
Tonight's red hot.
red carpeted.
right here at the
Disney Concert Hall.
where Tony Stark's
third annual benefit for
the Firefighters Family Fund
has become the place to be...
Jarvis. did we get
an invite from them?
I have no record of
the invitation. sir.
...haven't been seen in public
since his bizarre and highly
controversial press conference.
Some claim he's suffering
from PTS and has been
bed ridden for weeks.
Whatever the case may be.
no one expects an appearance
from him tonight.
The render is complete.
Little ostentatious.
don't you think?
What was I thinking?
You're usually so discrete.
Tell you what... throw a little
hot rot red in there.
Yes. that shall help you
keep a low profile.
The render is complete.
Yeah. I like it.
Fabricate it and paint it.
Commencing an
automated assembly.
Estimated completion
time is five hours.
Don't wait up for me. honey.
The weapons manufacturing is...
only a one small part of what
Stark Industries is all about...
- Hey Tony. remember me?
- I sure don't.
You look great. Hef.
What's the world coming to when
a guy's gotta crash his own party?
Look at you!
- Hey. what a surprise!
- I'll see you inside.
Listen. take it slow. alright?
I got the Board where
I really want them.
You got it. Just cabin fever.
I'll just be a minute.
Give me a Scotch.
I'm starving.
- Mr. Stark?
- Yeah?
- Agent Coulson.
- Oh yeah. the guy from the...
Strategic Homeland
Intervention
Enforcement and
Logistics Division.
God. you got... you need
a new name for that.
Yeah. I hear that a lot.
Listen. I know this must be
a trying time for you.
but we need to debrief you.
There's still a lot of
unanswered questions.
and time can be a factor
with these things.
Lets just put something
on the books.
How about the 24th. at 7 p.m.
at Stark Industries?
Tell you what... you got it.
You're absolutely right.
Well... I'm gonna go to my
assistant and we'll make it date.
You look fantastic.
I didn't recognise you.
- What are you doing here?
- Avoiding government agents.
- Are you here by yourself?
- Where'd you get that dress?
It was a birthday present
from you. actually.
- I have great taste.
- Yes.
- You. uh. wanna dance?
- Oh. no. thank you. No.
Am I making you uncomfortable?
No. no.
I always forget to
wear a deodorant.
and dance with my boss
in front of everyone
that I work with.
in a dress with no back.
- You look great. you
smell great. - Oh. God.
But I could fire you.
if that'd take the edge off.
I actually don't think that you
could tie your shoes without me.
- I'd make it a week.
Really? What's your
social security number?
- Five.
- Five?
You're missing just a
couple of digits there.
The other eight? That's why
I got you. for the other eight.
- How about a little air?
- Yes. I need some air.
- That was totally weird.
- Totally harmless.
It was totally not harmless.
by the way.
- Nobody was watching us.
- Everybody who I work with...
I think you lost objectivity.
I think they... we just danced.
No. it was not
just the dance!
You don't understand
because you're you.
And everybody knows exactly who
you are. and how you are with girls.
And all that.
which is completely fine...
But you know. then me. you're
my boss and I'm dancing...
Because it makes me look like...
the one who's trying to...
I just think you're
overstating. that's all.
And we're here. and then I'm...
wearing this ridiculous dress...
And then we were
dancing like that and...
- I would like a drink. please.
- Got it.
I would like a
vodka martini. please.
Very dry with olives.
lot of olives.
like at least three olives.
Two vodka martinis. extra dry.
extra olives. extra fast.
Make one of them dirty.
- Well... Tony Stark!
- Oh. hey!
Fancy seeing you here.
- Carrie. - Christine.
- That's right.
You have a lot of nerve
showing up here tonight.
Can I at least get
a reaction from you?
Panic. I would say
panic is my reaction.
I was referring to your
company's involvement
in this latest atrocity.
- They just put my name
on the invitation.
I don't know what to tell you.
I actually almost bought it.
hook. line and sinker.
I was out of town for a couple
of months. in case you didn't hear.
Is this what you call
accountability?
It's a town called Gulmira.
Heard of it?
- When were these taken?
- Yesterday.
- I didn't approve any shipment.
- Well. your company did.
Well. I'm not my company.
- Please. do you mind?
- Have you seen these pictures?
- What's going on? - Tony. you
can't afford to be this naive.
I was naive before.
when they said:
Here's the line. we don't cross it.
this is how we do business.
If we're double-dealing
under the table... are we?
Let's take a picture.
Come on.
Picture time!
Tony... who do you
think locked you out?
I was the one who filed
the injunction against you.
It's the only way
I can protect you.
The fifteen miles hike
to the outskirts of Gulmira
can only be described
as a 'descent into Hell'.
Into a modern day
heart of darkness.
Simple farmers and herders
from peaceful villages
have been driven
from their homes
displaced from their
lands by warlords.
emboldened by
a newfound power.
Villagers have been
forced to take shelter
in whatever ways
that they can find.
In the ruins of other villages
or here. in the remnants of
the old Soviet smelting plant.
Recent violence has been
attributed to a group
of foreign fighters. referred to
by locals as the Ten Rings.
As you can see. these men are
heavily armed and on a mission.
A mission that can prove fatal to
anyone who stands in their way.
With no political will or
international pressure.
there's very little hope
for these refugees.
Around me. a woman begging
for news on her husband
who was kidnapped
by insurgents.
Either forced to
join their militia...
...to anyone who will stop
a child's simple question:
"Where are my
mother and father?"
There's very little hope
for these refugees.
refugees who can only wonder
who. if anyone. will help.
Faster!
Women on the trucks!
The weapons here!
Abandon houses!
Hurry up!
Hold this rebel!
Put him with the others.
Father!
What the hell is this?
Kill this bastard!
You are incompetent!
Turn your head!
Father!
He is all yours.
AIR BASE EDWARDS.
CALIFORNIA
- What the hell was that?
- Are we clear to go in there?
No. sir. They were
using human shields.
We never got the green light.
Department of State.
they're gonna be all over this.
We got a bogey.
Is CIA on the line?
I got them on line.
they wanna know if it's us.
No. that definitely
is not us. sir.
- It wasn't navy.
- Wasn't marines.
I need answers! Can I please
get eyes on target?
Get me colonel Rhodes
from the Weapons development
down here now!
We ran an ID check
and crossed reference
with all known databases.
We have nothing.
Any high-altitude surveillance
in the region?
We've got an AWAC and
a Global Hawk in the area.
So this things just
appeared out of nowhere?
How come it didn't
show up on the Radar?
It's got a minimum Radar
cross-section. sir.
- Is it stealth?
- No. sir. It's tiny.
We think it's an
unmanned aerial vehicle.
Colonel. what are we
dealing with here?
I'm gonna make a call.
- Hello?
- Tony?
- Who is this?
- It's Rhodes.
Sorry. hello?
- I said it's Rhodes.
- Speak up. please.
- What the hell is that noise?
- I'm driving with the top down.
Yeah. well I need
your help right now.
It's funny how
that works. huh?
Yeah. speaking of funny.
we got a weapons depot
that was just blown up
a few cliques from where
you've been held captive.
- Well. that's a hot spot.
Sounds like someone stepped in
and did you job for you.
Why do you sound
out of breath. Tony?
- I was just jogging at the canyon.
- I thought you were driving.
Right. I was driving to the
canyon where I'm gonna jog.
Are you sure you don't have
any tech in that area...
...I should know about?
- Nope.
Bogey spotted!
Okay. good. cause I'm
staring at one right now
and it's about to be
blown to kingdom come
War room. this is Whiplash One.
I've got the bogey in my sight.
- Whiplash One. what is it?
- I've got no idea.
- You have radio contact?
- Non responsive. sir.
Then you are clear to engage.
Bogey just went supersonic.
I got a lock!
Incoming missile.
- Flairs!
Wait a second!
Bogey deployed flairs.
Deploy flaps!
Holly... this thing just
drove off the Radar. sir!
Satellite image has been lost.
- No way that's the U.A.V.
- What is it?
I can't see anything.
Whatever it was.
it just bought the farm.
I think bogey has
been handled. sir.
- Hello? - Hi. Rhodey. it's me.
- It's who?
I'm sorry. it IS me. You asked
what that was. and it was me.
No. see.. this isn't a game.
You do not send civilian equipment
into my active war zone.
You understand that?
It's not a piece of equipment.
I am in it. It's a suit. It's me!
Rhodey. you got anything for me?
Mark your position and
return to base. - Roger that.
On your belly!
It looks like a... man!
Shake him off!
Move. move!
I'm hit!
Eject! Eject!
Whiplash One down.
- Whiplash 2. do you see a chute?
- Negative! No chute! No chute!
My chute's jammed!
Sir. I've got a visual
on a bogey.
Whiplash 2. reengage. If you
get a clear shot. you take it!
Major. we don't even know what we're
shooting at. Call off the Raptors.
That thing just took out an F-22
inside the legal no-fly zone.
Whiplash 2. if you have
a clear shot. take it.
They've been reengaged.
Execute evasive maneuver.
Keep going!
Got a chute!
- Tony. are you still there?
- Hey. thanks.
Oh my God. you crazy
son of a bitch!
You owe me a plane.
you know that. right?
Yeah. well. technically
he hit me. so...
Now are you gonna come by and
see what I'm working on? - No. no.
The less I know the better.
Now what am I supposed
to tell to the press?
Training exercise.
Isn't that the usual BS?
It's not that simple.
An unfortunate
training exercise
involving an F-22 Raptor
occurred yesterday.
I'm pleased to report that
the pilot was not injured.
As for the unexpected turn of
events on the ground in Gulmira.
it is still unclear who
or what intervened.
but I can assure you that the U.S.
government was not involved.
Oh. it isn't that bad. sir.
Sir. the more you struggle.
the more this is going to hurt.
Be gentle.
this is my first time.
I designed this to come off.
Please try not to move.
What's going on here?
Let's face it. this is not the worst
thing you've caught me doing.
Are those bullet holes?
Welcome.
Compliments of Tony Stark.
If you killed him when you were
supposed to. you'd still have a face.
You paid us trinkets
to kill a prince.
Show me the weapon.
Come. Leave your
guards outside.
His escape bore
unexpected fruit.
So this is how he did it.
This is only a first crude effort.
Stark has perfected his design.
He has made a
masterpiece of death.
A man with a dozen of these
can rule all of Asia.
And you dream of Stark's throne.
We have a common enemy.
We are still in business.
I will give you these designs...
...as a gift.
And in return...
...I hope you repay me
with a gift of iron soldiers.
This is the only gift
you will receive.
Technology.
That's always been your Achilles
heel in this part of the world.
Don't worry. It will only
last for 15 minutes.
That's the least
of your problems.
Bring the armour
and the rest of it.
Alright. lets finish up here.
Set up Sector 16
underneath the Arc reactor.
And I want this dead and masked.
Recruit our top engineers.
I want a prototype right away.
Are you busy?
I need you to go to my office
and hack into the mainframe.
You're gonna retrieve all
the recent shipping manifests.
This is a lock chip.
this will get you in.
It's probably under
Executive Files. if not...
they put it on a ghost drive.
in which case you need to look
for the lowest
numeric heading.
And what do you plan to do
with this information
if I bring it back here?
- Same drill.
They've been dealing under
the table. I'm gonna stop them.
I'm gonna find my weapons
and destroy them.
Tony...
you know that I would
help you with anything.
but I can not help you if you're
gonna start all of this again.
There is nothing except this.
There's no art openings.
there's no benefit.
there's nothing to sign.
There's the next mission.
and nothing else.
Is that so?
Well. then I quit.
You stood by my side
all these years
while I reaped the
benefits of destruction.
And now that I'm trying
to protect the people
that I've put in harm's way.
your going to walk out?
You're gonna kill yourself. Tony.
I'm not gonna be a part of it.
I shouldn't be alive...
unless it was for a reason.
I'm not crazy. Pepper.
I just finally know
what I have to do.
And I know in my heart
that it's right.
You're all I have
too. you know.
Sector 16?
What are you up to. Obadiah?
You did not tell us that
the target you paid us to kill
was the great Tony Stark.
As you can see.
Obadiah Stane. your deception
and lies will cost you dearly.
The price to kill Tony Stark
has just gone up.
So... what are we
gonna do about this?
I know what you're
going through. Pepper.
Ah. Tony. He always gets
the good stuff. doesn't he?
I was so happy...
when he came home. It was like
we got him back from the dead.
And now I realise...
...well. Tony never really
did come home. did he?
He left a part of himself
in that cave.
Breaks my heart.
Well...
He is a complicated person.
He's been through a lot.
I think he'll be alright.
You are a very rare woman.
Tony doesn't know
how lucky he is.
Thank you. Thanks.
I gotta get back there.
Is that today's paper?
Yes.
- Do you mind?
- Not at all.
- Puzzle.
- Of course.
Take care.
Ms. Potts?
We had an appointment.
Did you forget about
our appointment?
Nope. Right now.
come with me.
I'll give you the meeting
of your life. Your office.
We've been working our best.
Absolutely. we're... I'm gonna
have to call you back.
Mr. Stane? Sir. we've explored
what you've asked us
and it seems as though there's
a little hiccup. actually...
- A hiccup?
- Yes. to power the suit...
sir. the technology actually
doesn't exist. So it's...
Wait. wait. the technology?
William. here is
the technology.
I've asked you to simply
make it smaller.
Okay. sir. that's what
we're trying to do.
but honestly.
it's impossible.
Tony Stark was able
to build this in a cave!
With a box of scraps!
I'm sorry.
I'm not Tony Stark.
Tony?
Tony. are you there?
Breathe.
Easy. easy...
You remember this one. right?
It's a shame the government
didn't approve.
There are so many applications
regarding short-term paralysis.
Ah. Tony.
When I ordered
the hit on you.
I was worried that I was...
...killing the golden goose.
But. you see...
it was just fate
that you survived it.
leaving one last
golden egg to give.
You really think that just
because you have an idea.
it belongs to you?
Your father. he helped to
give us the atomic bomb.
Now what kind of world
would it be today
if he was as selfish as you?
Oh. it's beautiful.
Ah. Tony...
This is your Ninth Symphony.
What a masterpiece!
Look at that.
This is your legacy.
The generation of weapons...
...with this at its heart.
The weapons that will help
stir the world back on course.
With the balance of power
in our hands.
In the right hands.
I wish you could see
my prototype.
It's not as... not as
conservative as yours.
Too bad you had to
involve Pepper in this.
I would've preferred
that she lived.
What do you mean he paid
to have Tony killed?
Pepper. slow down.
Why would Obadiah...
okay. where is Tony now?
I don't know. he's not
answering his phone.
Please go there and make
sure everything's okay.
Thank you. Rhodey.
I know a shortcut.
Good boy.
Tony?
Tony!
- Are you okay?
- Where is Pepper?
She's fine. She's with five agents
that are about to arrest Obadiah.
That's not gonna be enough.
Section 16.
Section 16...
There it is.
My key's not working.
it's not opening the door.
Wow. what is that? It's like
a little device. like a thing
that's gonna pick the lock?
-You may wanna take few steps back.
That's the coolest thing I've
ever seen. - Not bad. huh?
Let's do it.
You need me to do
anything else?
Keep the skies clear.
Damn!
Next time. baby.
Looks like you were right.
He was building a suit.
I thought it'll be bigger.
Take him out!
How do you think the Mark One
chest piece is gonna hold up?
48% power and falling. sir.
That chest piece was never
designed for sustained flight.
Keep me posted.
- Pepper.
- Tony?
- Tony. are you okay?
- I'm fine.
- Obadiah. he's gone insane.
- I know. Listen!
- You better get outta there!
- He built the suit.
Get outta there. right now!
Where do you think
you're going?
Your services are
no longer required.
Stane!
- I love this suit!
- Put them down.
Collateral damage. Tony.
Defer the power
to chest piece.
Power reduced to 19%.
Lady!
For thirty years.
I've been holding you up.
I built this company
from nothing!
And nothing is gonna
stand in my way.
And least of all. you.
Impressive!
You upgraded your armour.
I've made some
upgrades of my own.
Sir. it appears that
his suit can fly.
Duly noted. Take me
to the maximum altitude.
With only 15% power. the odds
of reaching that altitude...
I know the math! Do it!
Sir. you're not gonna believe this.
That thing is back.
Get me major Allen.
Scramble the jets!
Not necessary. people.
just the training exercise.
- 13% power. sir.
- Climb!
-11%.
- Keep going!
- 7% power. - Just leave it on
the screen. stop telling me.
You had a great idea. Tony.
but my suit is more
advanced in every way!
How'd you solve
the icing problem?
Icing problem?
Might want to look into it.
2%.
We are now running on
emergency backup power.
- Potts!
- Tony!
Oh my God. are you okay?
I'm almost dead of power.
I gotta get out of this thing.
I'll be right there.
- Nice try.
Weapons status?
Repulsors are off line.
Flairs!
Very clever. Tony.
- Potts.
- Tony!
This isn't working. we're gonna
have to overload the reactor
and blast the roof.
- How are you gonna do that?
You're gonna do it.
Go to the central console.
open up bolt of circuits.
When I clear the roof
I'll let you know
and you're gonna hit
the master bypass button.
That's gonna fry
everything up here.
Okay. I am going in now.
Make sure you wait till I clear
the roof. I'll buy you some time.
This looks important.
I never had a taste
for this sort of thing.
but I must admit. I'm
deeply enjoying the suit.
You finally outdid
yourself. Tony.
It would've made
your father proud.
It's ready. Tony!
Get off the roof!
Tony!
How ironic. Tony!
Trying to free
the world of weapons.
you gave it
the best one ever!
- Pepper!
- And now...
I'm gonna kill you with it!
You ripped up my
targeting system.
- Hit the button!
- You told me not to!
Hold still. you little prick.
- Just do it!
- You'll die!
Push it!
Tony!
We've all received
the official statement
of what occurred at
Stark Industries last night.
There have been unconfirmed
reports that a robotic prototype
malfunctioned and caused
damage to the Arc reactor.
"Iron Man". that's kinda catchy.
It's got a nice ring to it.
It's not technically accurate.
since it's a gold-titanium alloy.
but it's kinda attractive
name anyway.
Here is your alibi.
- Okay.
- You were on your yacht.
We told Pepper to put
you in Avalon all night
and sworn statements
from 50 of your guests.
I was thinking maybe we should
say it was just Pepper and me.
alone on the island.
That's what happened.
Just read it word for word.
There's nothing
about Stane here.
That's been handled.
He's on vacation.
Small aircraft have such
a poor safety record.
What about this whole story
that it's a body guard?
He's my body... ?
That's kinda flimsy.
This isn't my first rodeo.
Mr. Stark.
Just stick to the official statement
and soon this will all be behind you.
You've got 90 seconds.
Oh. agent Coulson.
I just wanted to say thank you
very much for all of your help.
That's what we do.
You'll be hearing from us.
- From the Strategic Homeland...
- Just call us S.H.I.E.L.D.
Right.
- Lets get the show on the road.
- You know. it's actually...
...not that bad... even I
don't think I'm Iron Man.
- You're not Iron Man.
- Yeah I am.
- You're not.
- Suite yourself.
If I were Iron Man.
I'd have this girlfriend
who knew my true identity.
She'd be a wreck.
She'd always be worrying
that I was gonna die.
and yet proud of a man
I become. She'd be...
wildly conflicted. which
would only make her more...
crazy about me. Tell me you
never think about that night?
- What night?
- You know.
Are you talking about...
the night that we danced.
and went up to the roof...
and then...
you went downstairs
to get me a drink. and you...
left me there by myself?
Is that the night
you're talking about?
I thought so.
- Will that be all. Mr. Stark?
- Yes. that'd be all. Ms. Potts.
And now Mr. Stark has
prepared a statement.
He will not be taking
any questions. thank you.
It's been a while since
I was in front of you.
I figure I'll stick
to the cards this time.
There's been speculation that
I was involved in the events
that occurred on a freeway
and the rooftop...
I'm sorry Mr. Stark. but do you
honestly expect us to believe that
that was a bodyguard in a suit.
that conveniently appeared.
despite the fact that...
- I know that it's confusing...
It is one thing to question
the official story.
and another entirely
to make wild accusations
or insinuate that
I'm a superhero.
- I never said you're
a superhero. - You didn't?
Well. good. because that
would be outlandish and...
...fantastic.
I'm just not the hero type.
clearly. With this...
long list of character defects
and all the mistakes I've made.
largely in public.
- Just stick to the cards.
- Yeah. okay.
The truth is...
I am Iron Man.
Jarvis?
- Welcome home. sir.
I am Iron Man.
You think you're the only
Superhero in the world?
We are part a bigger universe.
yet we know nothing.
Who the hell are you?
Nick Fury.
the Director of SHIELD
Oh.
I'm here to talk to you about
the Avenger Initiative.
Subtitles edited by LeapinLar